now these are the records of Aaron and
now these are the records of Aaron and Moses when the Lord spoke with Moses on
Moses when the Lord spoke with Moses on
Moses when the Lord spoke with Moses on Mount Sinai and these are the names of
Mount Sinai and these are the names of
Mount Sinai and these are the names of the sons of Aaron Naida the firstborn
the sons of Aaron Naida the firstborn
the sons of Aaron Naida the firstborn and a by hew Eleazar and Ithamar
and a by hew Eleazar and Ithamar
and a by hew Eleazar and Ithamar these are the names of the sons of Aaron
these are the names of the sons of Aaron
these are the names of the sons of Aaron the anointed priests whom he consecrated
the anointed priests whom he consecrated
the anointed priests whom he consecrated to minister as priests native and a by
to minister as priests native and a by
to minister as priests native and a by hew had died before the Lord when they
hew had died before the Lord when they
hew had died before the Lord when they offered profane fire before the Lord in
offered profane fire before the Lord in
offered profane fire before the Lord in the wilderness of Sinai and they had no
the wilderness of Sinai and they had no
the wilderness of Sinai and they had no children so Eleazar and Ithamar
children so Eleazar and Ithamar
children so Eleazar and Ithamar ministered as priests in the presence of
ministered as priests in the presence of
ministered as priests in the presence of air and their father and the Lord spoke
air and their father and the Lord spoke
air and their father and the Lord spoke to Moses bring the tribe of Levi near
to Moses bring the tribe of Levi near
to Moses bring the tribe of Levi near and present them before Aaron the priest
and present them before Aaron the priest
and present them before Aaron the priest that they may serve Him and they shall
that they may serve Him and they shall
that they may serve Him and they shall attend to his needs and the needs of the
attend to his needs and the needs of the
attend to his needs and the needs of the whole congregation before the tabernacle
whole congregation before the tabernacle
whole congregation before the tabernacle of meeting to do the work of the
of meeting to do the work of the
of meeting to do the work of the tabernacle also they shall attend to all
tabernacle also they shall attend to all
tabernacle also they shall attend to all the furnishings of the tabernacle of
the furnishings of the tabernacle of
the furnishings of the tabernacle of meeting and to the needs of the children
meeting and to the needs of the children
meeting and to the needs of the children of Israel to do the work of the
of Israel to do the work of the
of Israel to do the work of the tabernacle and you shall give the
tabernacle and you shall give the
tabernacle and you shall give the Levites to Aaron and his sons they are
Levites to Aaron and his sons they are
Levites to Aaron and his sons they are given entirely to him from among the
given entirely to him from among the
given entirely to him from among the children of Israel so you shall appoint
children of Israel so you shall appoint
children of Israel so you shall appoint Aaron and his sons and they shall attend
Aaron and his sons and they shall attend
Aaron and his sons and they shall attend to their priesthood but the outsider who
to their priesthood but the outsider who
to their priesthood but the outsider who comes near shall be put to death now
comes near shall be put to death now
comes near shall be put to death now behold
behold
behold I myself have taken the Levites from
I myself have taken the Levites from
I myself have taken the Levites from among the children of Israel instead of
among the children of Israel instead of
among the children of Israel instead of every firstborn who opens the womb among
every firstborn who opens the womb among
every firstborn who opens the womb among the children of Israel therefore the
the children of Israel therefore the
the children of Israel therefore the Levites shall be mine because all the
Levites shall be mine because all the
Levites shall be mine because all the firstborn are mine
firstborn are mine
firstborn are mine on the day that I struck all the
on the day that I struck all the
on the day that I struck all the firstborn in the land of Egypt I
firstborn in the land of Egypt I
firstborn in the land of Egypt I sanctified to myself all the firstborn
sanctified to myself all the firstborn
sanctified to myself all the firstborn in Israel both man and beast they shall
in Israel both man and beast they shall
in Israel both man and beast they shall be mine I am the Lord when the Lord
be mine I am the Lord when the Lord
be mine I am the Lord when the Lord spoke to Moses in the wilderness of
spoke to Moses in the wilderness of
spoke to Moses in the wilderness of Sinai number the children of Levi by
Sinai number the children of Levi by
Sinai number the children of Levi by their fathers houses by their families
their fathers houses by their families
their fathers houses by their families usual number every male from a month old
usual number every male from a month old
usual number every male from a month old and above so Moses numbered them
and above so Moses numbered them
and above so Moses numbered them according to the word of the Lord as he
according to the word of the Lord as he
according to the word of the Lord as he was commanded
these were the sons of Levi by their
these were the sons of Levi by their names
names
names Gershon Kohath and Merari and these are
Gershon Kohath and Merari and these are
Gershon Kohath and Merari and these are the names of the sons of Gershon by
the names of the sons of Gershon by
the names of the sons of Gershon by their families Lily and shamea and the
their families Lily and shamea and the
their families Lily and shamea and the sons of Kohath by their families
sons of Kohath by their families
sons of Kohath by their families Amram eyes aha Hebron and Ezio and the
Amram eyes aha Hebron and Ezio and the
Amram eyes aha Hebron and Ezio and the sons of Merari by their families malai
sons of Merari by their families malai
sons of Merari by their families malai and Miu shy these are the families of
and Miu shy these are the families of
and Miu shy these are the families of the Levites by their fathers houses from
the Levites by their fathers houses from
the Levites by their fathers houses from Gershon came the family of the Lib
Gershon came the family of the Lib
Gershon came the family of the Lib Knights and the family of the shemites
Knights and the family of the shemites
Knights and the family of the shemites these were the families of the
these were the families of the
these were the families of the gershonites those who were numbered
gershonites those who were numbered
gershonites those who were numbered according to the number of all the
according to the number of all the
according to the number of all the male's from a month old and above of
male's from a month old and above of
male's from a month old and above of those who were numbered there were seven
those who were numbered there were seven
those who were numbered there were seven thousand five hundred the families of
thousand five hundred the families of
thousand five hundred the families of the gershonites were to camp behind the
the gershonites were to camp behind the
the gershonites were to camp behind the tabernacle westward and the leader of a
tabernacle westward and the leader of a
tabernacle westward and the leader of a father's house of the gershonites was
father's house of the gershonites was
father's house of the gershonites was elias f the son of laila the duties of
elias f the son of laila the duties of
elias f the son of laila the duties of the children of Gershon in the
the children of Gershon in the
the children of Gershon in the tabernacle of meeting included the
tabernacle of meeting included the
tabernacle of meeting included the tabernacle the tent with its covering
tabernacle the tent with its covering
tabernacle the tent with its covering the screen for the door of the
the screen for the door of the
the screen for the door of the tabernacle of meeting the screen for the
tabernacle of meeting the screen for the
tabernacle of meeting the screen for the door of the court the hangings of the
door of the court the hangings of the
door of the court the hangings of the court which are around the tabernacle
court which are around the tabernacle
court which are around the tabernacle and the altar and their cords according
and the altar and their cords according
and the altar and their cords according to all the work relating to them from
to all the work relating to them from
to all the work relating to them from Kohath came the family of the Amma mites
Kohath came the family of the Amma mites
Kohath came the family of the Amma mites the family of the Izza Heights the
the family of the Izza Heights the
the family of the Izza Heights the family of the Hebrew Knights and the
family of the Hebrew Knights and the
family of the Hebrew Knights and the family of the Azeri lights these were
family of the Azeri lights these were
family of the Azeri lights these were the families of the kohathites according
the families of the kohathites according
the families of the kohathites according to the number of all the males from a
to the number of all the males from a
to the number of all the males from a month old and above there were eight
month old and above there were eight
month old and above there were eight thousand six hundred keeping charge of
thousand six hundred keeping charge of
thousand six hundred keeping charge of the sanctuary
the sanctuary
the sanctuary the families of the children of Kohath
the families of the children of Kohath
the families of the children of Kohath were to camp on the south side of the
were to camp on the south side of the
were to camp on the south side of the tabernacle and the leader of the
tabernacle and the leader of the
tabernacle and the leader of the father's house of the families of the
father's house of the families of the
father's house of the families of the kohathites was ELISA fan the son of a
kohathites was ELISA fan the son of a
kohathites was ELISA fan the son of a zeal their duty included the ark the
zeal their duty included the ark the
zeal their duty included the ark the table the lampstand the altars the
table the lampstand the altars the
table the lampstand the altars the utensils of the sanctuary with which
utensils of the sanctuary with which
utensils of the sanctuary with which they ministered the screen and all the
they ministered the screen and all the
they ministered the screen and all the work relating to them and Eleazar the
work relating to them and Eleazar the
work relating to them and Eleazar the son of Aaron the priest was to be chief
son of Aaron the priest was to be chief
son of Aaron the priest was to be chief over the leaders of the Levites with
over the leaders of the Levites with
over the leaders of the Levites with oversight of those who kept charge of
oversight of those who kept charge of
oversight of those who kept charge of the sanctuary from me Ray Ray came the
the sanctuary from me Ray Ray came the
the sanctuary from me Ray Ray came the family of the my lights and the family
family of the my lights and the family
family of the my lights and the family of the mutes these were the families of
of the mutes these were the families of
of the mutes these were the families of my Ray Ray and those who were numbered
my Ray Ray and those who were numbered
my Ray Ray and those who were numbered according to the number of all the males
according to the number of all the males
according to the number of all the males from a month old and above were 6,200
from a month old and above were 6,200
from a month old and above were 6,200 the leader of a father's house of HuR
the leader of a father's house of HuR
the leader of a father's house of HuR families of Maury Wray was zhu li l the
families of Maury Wray was zhu li l the
families of Maury Wray was zhu li l the son of a bao
son of a bao
son of a bao these were to camp on the north side of
these were to camp on the north side of
these were to camp on the north side of the tabernacle and the appointed duty of
the tabernacle and the appointed duty of
the tabernacle and the appointed duty of the children of maria i included the
the children of maria i included the
the children of maria i included the boards of the tabernacle its bars its
boards of the tabernacle its bars its
boards of the tabernacle its bars its pillars its sockets its utensils all the
pillars its sockets its utensils all the
pillars its sockets its utensils all the work relating to them and the pillars of
work relating to them and the pillars of
work relating to them and the pillars of a court all around with their sockets
a court all around with their sockets
a court all around with their sockets their pegs and their cause moreover
their pegs and their cause moreover
their pegs and their cause moreover those who were to camp before the
those who were to camp before the
those who were to camp before the tabernacle on the east before the
tabernacle on the east before the
tabernacle on the east before the tabernacle of meeting were Moses Aaron
tabernacle of meeting were Moses Aaron
tabernacle of meeting were Moses Aaron and his sons keeping charge of the
and his sons keeping charge of the
and his sons keeping charge of the sanctuary to meet the needs of the
sanctuary to meet the needs of the
sanctuary to meet the needs of the children of Israel but the outsider who
children of Israel but the outsider who
children of Israel but the outsider who came near was to be put to death all who
came near was to be put to death all who
came near was to be put to death all who were numbered of the Levites whom Moses
were numbered of the Levites whom Moses
were numbered of the Levites whom Moses and Aaron numbered at the commandment of
and Aaron numbered at the commandment of
and Aaron numbered at the commandment of the Lord by their families all the males
the Lord by their families all the males
the Lord by their families all the males from a month old and above were 22,000
from a month old and above were 22,000
from a month old and above were 22,000 then the Lord said to Moses number all
then the Lord said to Moses number all
then the Lord said to Moses number all the firstborn males of the children of
the firstborn males of the children of
the firstborn males of the children of Israel from a month old and above and
Israel from a month old and above and
Israel from a month old and above and take the number of their names and you
take the number of their names and you
take the number of their names and you shall take the Levites for me I am the
shall take the Levites for me I am the
shall take the Levites for me I am the Lord instead of all the firstborn among
Lord instead of all the firstborn among
Lord instead of all the firstborn among the children of Israel and the livestock
the children of Israel and the livestock
the children of Israel and the livestock of the Levites instead of all the first
of the Levites instead of all the first
of the Levites instead of all the first formed among the livestock of the
formed among the livestock of the
formed among the livestock of the children of Israel
children of Israel
children of Israel so Moses numbered all the firstborn
so Moses numbered all the firstborn
so Moses numbered all the firstborn among the children of Israel as the LORD
among the children of Israel as the LORD
among the children of Israel as the LORD commanded him and all the firstborn
commanded him and all the firstborn
commanded him and all the firstborn males according to the number of names
males according to the number of names
males according to the number of names from a month old and above of those who
from a month old and above of those who
from a month old and above of those who are numbered of them were twenty two
are numbered of them were twenty two
are numbered of them were twenty two thousand two hundred and seventy three
thousand two hundred and seventy three
thousand two hundred and seventy three then the Lord spoke to Moses take the
then the Lord spoke to Moses take the
then the Lord spoke to Moses take the Levites instead of all the firstborn
Levites instead of all the firstborn
Levites instead of all the firstborn among the children of Israel and the
among the children of Israel and the
among the children of Israel and the livestock of the Levites instead of
livestock of the Levites instead of
livestock of the Levites instead of their livestock the Levites shall be
their livestock the Levites shall be
their livestock the Levites shall be mine I am the Lord and for the
mine I am the Lord and for the
mine I am the Lord and for the redemption of the two hundred and
redemption of the two hundred and
redemption of the two hundred and seventy three of the firstborn of the
seventy three of the firstborn of the
seventy three of the firstborn of the children of Israel who are more than the
children of Israel who are more than the
children of Israel who are more than the number of the Levites you shall take
number of the Levites you shall take
number of the Levites you shall take five shekels for each one individually
five shekels for each one individually
five shekels for each one individually you shall take them in the currency of
you shall take them in the currency of
you shall take them in the currency of the shekel of the sanctuary the shekel
the shekel of the sanctuary the shekel
the shekel of the sanctuary the shekel of twenty garras and you shall give the
of twenty garras and you shall give the
of twenty garras and you shall give the money with which the excess number of
money with which the excess number of
money with which the excess number of them is redeemed to Aaron and his sons
so Moses took the redemption money from
so Moses took the redemption money from those who were over and above those who
those who were over and above those who
those who were over and above those who were redeemed by the Levites from the
were redeemed by the Levites from the
were redeemed by the Levites from the firstborn of the children of Israel he
firstborn of the children of Israel he
firstborn of the children of Israel he took the money one thousand three
took the money one thousand three
took the money one thousand three hundred and sixty-five shekels
hundred and sixty-five shekels
hundred and sixty-five shekels according to the shekel of the sanctuary
according to the shekel of the sanctuary
according to the shekel of the sanctuary and Moses gave their Redemption money to
and Moses gave their Redemption money to
and Moses gave their Redemption money to Aaron and his sons according to the word
Aaron and his sons according to the word
Aaron and his sons according to the word of the Lord as the LORD commanded Moses